Question: What starts with “P” and ends with “E” and has more than 1000 letters?
Answer: A post office!
Wrong options: A phone booth, An envelope, A book

Question: What loses its head in the morning but gets it back at night?
Answer: A pillow
Wrong options: A clock, A blanket, A bed

Question: Can you name the two days starting with T besides Tuesday and Thursday?
Answer: Today and tomorrow.
Wrong options: Tundra and Tropics, Tuesday and Thursday again, The past and the future

Question: What is round on both sides but high in the middle?
Answer: Ohio.
Wrong options: A sandwich, A hill, A wheel

Question: If two’s company and three’s a crowd, what are four and five?
Answer: Nine!
Wrong options: Chaos, Ten, Seven

Question: What is the center of Gravity?
Answer: The letter V.
Wrong options: Mass, Pressure, Force

Question: What is the last thing you take off before bed?
Answer: Your feet off the floor.
Wrong options: Your clothes, Your glasses, Your watch

Question: A lawyer, a plumber and a hat maker were walking down the street. Who had the biggest hat?
Answer: The one with the biggest head.
Wrong options: The lawyer, The plumber, The hat maker

Question: I have keys but no locks. I have space but no room. You can enter but can’t go outside. What am I?
Answer: A keyboard
Wrong options: A piano, A map, A maze

Question: What is next in this sequence: JFMAMJJASON_ ?
Answer: The letter D. The sequence contains the first letter of each month.
Wrong options: E, T, J

Question: What comes down but never goes up?
Answer: Rain
Wrong options: Fog, Dew, Snow

Question: What belongs to you but others use it more than you do?
Answer: Your name.
Wrong options: Your reputation, Your shadow, Your belongings

Question: What tastes better than it smells?
Answer: A tongue.
Wrong options: Spices, Soup, Candy

Question: What has teeth but can't bite?
Answer: A comb.
Wrong options: A zipper, A saw, A rake

Question: What has 4 eyes but can’t see?
Answer: Mississippi
Wrong options: A needle, A blindfold, A storm

Question: What is the longest word in the dictionary?
Answer: Smiles, because there is a mile between each ‘s’.
Wrong options: Supercalifragilistic, Antidisestablishmentarianism, Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis
